You go out
Haha, I'm not.
Snow is coming, I'll eat you better be fashionable
Now the life and death of you and your little bastard daughter
It's all in my mind Lin Shaoyao
Master Lin, I beg you
Yaoyao's injury is too serious
He will die if he is not treated in time
What does it matter to me whether this little bastard dies or not?
Lin Shaolin Shao
I beg you.
As long as you are willing to herd sheep for treatment
I promise you anything you say
What are you listening to?
What if I told you to go to bed quickly?
As long as you can let Yaoyao go
Wow, hahahahaha.
Liu Qingxue, you stinky bitch
Did you pretend to be noble with me?
OK
I can see that you are so sincere now, right?
Then I'll give you a chance
Get over here, it's not this young master
As long as you are comfortable with this young man's clothes
I can spare this little bastard
Unless you release Yaoyao first
Otherwise, I won't promise you if I die.
Go no no no
It sounds to me like you're not qualified to negotiate terms with me right now
You are now a trick on the chopping board in my eyes
Let me slaughter
If you dare me again
I will send this little miscellaneous medicine plus hell now.
Not really. No, actually.
Master Lin, I beg you
As long as you let him go
I'm coming to serve you now
I'll fuck you
He Qingxue
If I give you a chance, you are useless.
Now conditions have changed
I want you to take off your clothes
Let my brothers take a few hard whips
Let me hear the cries of your lowly queen
I will consider
Take advantage of this small three engine
Iron Goat, you or I don't want it.
Don't want me
I beg you.
As long as you are willing to let Yangyang go
I take off I take off
Whether it's braids
Or a knife
I can take it
Take it off